U2 L2 Robots in Medicine.mp3
说话人1 00:00
Unit seven, lecture seven, activity three, page 108, paging robotic robots in medicine. A lot of us, when we think about robots, we imagine these walking and talking mechanical men, something that we might have seen on tv when we were children or read about in science fiction stories or seen in movies, but that's not the case. Robots are not designed to look human, and they're probably nothing like you imagine them in your mind. Now, what i'm going to do in this lecture is talk a little bit about what a robot is. And then i'm going to talk specifically about how it's being used in our world today in one very important place. It's being used in many different places, but the place i'm going to focus on is the hospital operating room. You might be surprised if you look up one of these days and instead of seeing your doctor, you may see a robot doing some of the work.

So let's just start with a definition. What is a robot? It's interesting because the word robot comes from a czech word. I think the word might be something like robota. And the word means forced labor. The idea is that the robot is something that we can get to work for us. The robot isn't taking over, the robot is assisting us. We are forcing it to do work and follow our orders. Now, the robot industries association came up many years ago with a definition for robots that was more specific. And i'd like you to take this definition down, because it gives you a a good sense about what the qualities of all robots are. What do all robots have in common? Here's the definition. A robot is a re programmable, multi functional manipulator, designed to move materials, parts, tools, or specialized devices through variable programmed motions to perform a variety of tasks. It's a long definition, but it's worth looking at, and let me repeat it. A robot is a re programmable, multi functional manipulator, designed to move materials, parts, tools, or specialized devices through variable programmed motions to perform a variety of tasks.

Now, the key words, in that definition, are re programmable and multi functional. Re programmable lets us know that all robots can get new instructions. And we don't have to change the basic structure. The structure will remain the same, but we can keep giving it new instructions. We can program it to do different things. It can be taught a new task or a new routine, so it can change the order of activities. It can change the placement of materials.

So it's some kind of machine where the basic structure stays the same, but we can program different activities and tasks for it to do. Multi functional. The other key word here tells us that the robot can perform a variety of tasks. The robot is not only going to do the same movement over and over again, but but it can do many types of tasks. It can check its work, it can make decisions, it can alter its performance as needed. As an example, there are robots that are being built today that can sense when there is something in its path. They can then alter their direction or move around an object placed in the way. Obviously, they're not really seeing, but they're making decisions based on what is around them and changing their performance accordingly.

Now, how do robots work? All robots have some kind of microprocessor, like a computer chip that acts as its, quote, brain. And this microprocessor activates different movements by the robot. Most robots are equipped with a single hand. We call that hand and end effector. Here, let me write that on the board. An end effector, and this end effector is at the end of a single arm, which has about five or six joints in it. Okay? You have a single arm with five or six joints and a single hand at the end of that arm called the end effector. But don't imagine a human looking hand here. Some robots have two fingered hands, which can be used like tongs to pick things up, but some robots have no recognizable hand at all. They just contain the tools that are necessary for the job. So maybe they contain something like scissors or a knife or something like that. But that hand part is called the end effector, whether it's a two fingered tongue or whether it's a tool, it's the end effector.

Okay, now, as I said, i'm going to talk about one use of robots and that's their use in hospitals. And robots can be seen in different parts of hospitals at this .. But one particular example that i'm going to discuss is the use in the operating room of a robot called robot doc. And robot doc is not necessarily very smart. What it can do, it does brilliantly. What it can do is work with a precision and a steadiness that can't be matched by even the best of surgeons. The steadiness of its hand, its end effector is something that the best surgeon can't match. Observers are looking at robot doc and saying that it is, it's to medical robots, what the first apple computers were to micro computing. It's still in the first stages, its first generation technology of medical robots. But the future holds more and more sophisticated offspring developed from this first generation technology. The area that robot doc is particularly excelling in it's really showing its stuff is in the area of hip replacement surgery.

Now, most of you are too young to even think about hip replacement surgery. But for elderly people or older people, it's actually a very common surgery. There have been more than 1/2 1 million hip replacement surgeries performed worldwide. That was part of the reason. This is an obvious choice for researchers when they were looking at how to use robots in the operating room. They looked at hip replacement surgery, one, because it's a very common surgery. The other reason it's especially appropriate for robots is because it's a very, physically demanding, physically laborious surgery. It takes a lot of physical labor on the part of the surgeon to perform this surgery. I'll explain this more in a second in the past.

And still now when not using robot dog, what surgeons had to do is when they wanted to do hip replacement surgery is they carved a cavity in the patient's thigh bone. And this carving is actually what it sounds like. It's almost like carpentry. The surgeons need to cut a cavity into the bone. This is why I say it's a very laborious operation. It's not an easy thing to do. They also need to bore holes in the patient's thigh bone. Another word for that bone is femur. They have to do this carving and drilling manually. So like carpenters, they're carving, they're drilling. Often they use tools like a mallet and a chisel. Tools, not exactly known for precision. And light crude would work this process results in a very imprecise fit of the implant into the cavity.

Here, you've got an implant that you want to fit into the cavity. But manually, surgeons just aren't able to achieve the precision that would be needed for a precise fit. The way surgeons get around, this is they need to use a kind of cement to hold the implant in place that might work for a while. But the problem is that this cement loses its grip over time between 5 to 10 years or so later. What happens then is that many patients have to undergo a second replacement surgery. What robot doc does. It does the boring of the holes, it does the carving of the cavity. And in that process, it's able to fit the implant into the cavity within 1/10 of a millimeter, which is precision that no surgeon, even the best surgeon could possibly achieve. Let me give you a little detail about how this would work.

Now, what happens is a patient comes in for a hip replacement operation. The surgeon first takes act scan of the patient's femur, the thigh bone, the large bone running from the hip to the knee. This ct scan provides a three dimensional picture of the bone and surrounding area. And then the surgeon transfers that three d image to a computer workstation. Now, the surgeon sits down at the computer, and he, or she is viewing the three d image in order to choose the correct hip implant for the patient. The implant is chosen from a variety of sizes stored in the computers memory. The computer has information about a range of implants, and the physician chooses the best implant for the patient. All of this is stored in the computer. All this information about the patient's hip and the implant is in the computers memory.

Now, we get to the operating room. So far, we've been in an office working with computers, ct scans. But in the operating room, the surgeon does what doctors do in operating rooms. The surgeon makes the incision which exposes the patient's femur, but what happens next is different. The computer then relays detailed instructions to the robot about the size, shape and location of the implant cavity. The computer then is transmitting this information to the robot, saying, here's the size, here's the shape, and here's the location of the implant cavity. And then the robot goes to work. The robot drills the cavity into the patient's bone, so the robot is doing the cutting.

Now the surgeon is retaining full control over the robot during the operation. It's not the surgeons opportunity to take a quick nap. The surgeon retains full control over the robot using a remote control device with a stop button.

Now, when the robot is finished, shaping the cavity about 20 minutes later, it takes about 20 minutes for the robot to actually drill the cavity and bore the holes. The surgeon fits the implant into the cavity, and then completes the 90 minute surgery, closing up the incision and all that. According to the robots, inventors, robot, doc is good at the things that surgeons aren't so good at. They combine a machines precision with the human judgment. We need the humans judgment, but we also can benefit from the machines precision.

But now this doesn't mean that there hasn't been resistance to the idea of robots in the operating room. Some express concern that robots will replace surgeons. Others fear that the robots could go crazy and drill a a hole in the brain. Instead of the thigh bone. For example, these are both pretty irrational. Again, as I said before, developers insist that the robots are being developed to assist surgeons, that human judgment is still very important, and the robots are designed to assist. Surgeons not replace them. In addition, they stress that numerous safety controls are built into the robot design. Here we are on the edge of the 21st century. We can only begin to imagine the changes that computers and technology will bring to us. Remember that people are saying that robot doc is probably only first generation operating room, robot technology. But I think that robot doc can give us a glimpse at what the future might be.
